# TODO

### General
- save full state in local storage?
- state not normally saved to link but can be read from link (generated by a share button)
  - on share, checkbox with what to actually include in link
- get node/link font and opacity feedback
- hover effects
- mobile: needs to be able to drag nodes when zoomed out

### Sidebar
- add functionality to reset/auto/update buttons
  - should the buttons be for each section instead?
  - feature put on hold for now
- On background click, should clear search result, close sidebar, or both?

### Forces
- lots and lots of sliders
- should we store the node positions in local storage?

### Groups
- just copy obsidian way
- should forces apply to specific groups?
- rework popup design

### Labels
- sliders for font size and opacity for nodes and links based on zoom level
- cbs allowing for full theme customisation

### Data (Sidebar)
- download currently used data
- allow user to upload their own data
- is it too much to allow user to edit data in-app?
- auto scrape data?
  - github actions? github workflows? what is the difference?
  - has github pages bypassed cors?
  - cors.io?

### Data (Generation)
- will it be possible to merge data from multiple sources?
  - multiple sources: IDs are globally unique; user can edit source order
    - add UUID to data file itself so site knows if data has changed
      - actually just use hash of data
- improve desc_html on data side
    - add bolding, links, etc
    - images

### Search
- get feedback on styling
- fuzzy search. do i even need it?
- advanced filters (tags, degree, ...)
- temp highlight search result node

